[Runtime] Remove reinterpret cast. (#230)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/changelog.md

* Avoid a type mismatch. This allows dialects to compile with older versions of clang.
  [#228](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/228)

> * Remove unnecessary ``reinterpret_cast``s. Remove these ``reinterpret_cast``s allows compilation
>   of the runtime to succeed in macOS.
>   [#229](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/230)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove unnecessary ``reinterpret_cast``s from ``ObsManager``s. This allows compilation of the runtime
  to succeed on macOS.
  [#229](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/230)

```
